hey guys what is up it is master chef
jet lag here wearing the chef's uniform
for absolutely no reason and this is not
a cooking video the recipe I seem to
have mastered lately is of making
completely uncontroversial statements
and having the audience respond to them
as controversial one of the best ways to
get offended if you're watching this and
you're looking for an excuse to hit the
thumbs down button throw a fit and leave
bunch of angry comments one of the best
ways to get offended is to ignore what
I've actually said and invent a totally
different argument in your own mind and
then respond angrily to that because
then your sense of anger and offense is
infinite rather than finite it's also
irrelevant
rather than relevant and this happened a
great deal with last video I made I made
a video talking about patreon funding
talking about current concerns about
patreon exercising its power to censor
the beneficiaries of its program and I
did not mention sargon of akkad
even once it wasn't about serving avicad
slew of comments writing in defending
sargon of akkad and accusing me of
misrepresenting what happened to sargon
of akkad
was not mentioned the video quite a few
comments reacting to that um stating
that I was misrepresenting the problem
of what percentage of your income is
collected by patreon what's not
mentioned in the video I don't know what
percentage the angry comments were
actually based on people watching and
listening to I said I think I'm gonna
shorten a video probably you did you
just chose to ignore what my stated
position actually is and invent a whole
different position to respond to there
we go we're going to try to keep this
real lucid real simple real direct and
real honest if I were the director of
patreon if I were the CEO of patreon or
if I were sitting on their community
standards council basically their
censorship committee I would kick off
serve on avicad yes I would I would kick
off my low-e innopolis and I know many
examples of people who are much more
clearly and genuinely white supremacists
racist nationalists etc people who are
further to the right or further closer
to fascism what have you closer to
violating national hate speech laws that
I would also get rid of we live in a
world that is ordered by censorship in
ways visible and invisible all the time
when you go to the grocery store do you
see pornography for sale probably not
see political opinions as offensive as
milo gianopolous --is written on the
front pages of magazines for sale
probably not why the grocery store has
some magazines they have some newspapers
and this kind of thing grocery stores
about some groceries they're not
supporting free speech at the expense of
the comfort and convenience
my girlfriend and I just a couple days
ago went into a magazine shop here in
Germany and we were really surprised the
way they had it set up the children's
magazines and the pornography magazines
were so close together that you actually
couldn't stand and look at the
children's magazines though seeing the
pornography I'm not making an absolute
claim that pornography shouldn't exist
in general I think pornography should
exist but the organization of our
society relies the main form of
censorship are private for-profit
companies like the magazine store and
the grocery store making the decision
about what they are and are not going to
expose their audience to expose their
customers to and that's what patreon is
doing it is no doubt true that patreon
was looking for any excuse to cook to
kick sargon of akkad off the platform
guess what I agree with them um did they
find an excuse yes
they found enough violations of their uh
you know Terms of Service their
statements of principle to kick them off
the platform and guess what the articles
and sources people sent me trying to
clear Sargon's name such as the New York
Times article with the um completely
neutral and down-to-earth title patreon
borrowers anti-feminist for racist
speech comma inciting revolt this gives
you a sense of just how staunchly
anti-serb on avicad this this article
from the New York Times says this was
sent to me as
sargon of akkad it is proving how long I
am in in my support for patreon now
let's talk about what my support for
patreon is real quick the first half of
the video I uploaded yesterday what I
said you guys real crazy is partly what
I said to you guys really clearly is
just smoke up um I am censored by
patreon myself and I'm not real happy
about it it does bring a kind of
unwanted instability into my life the
same kind of instability that people
like Sam Harris and Jordan Peterson
complained about it's true recently a
couple of months ago patreon decided
that my content was x-rated and so my
patreon page is now in the same category
as pornography if you go to join my
patreon and support me you have to click
through a couple of screen saying you
know are you comfortable with looking at
material that's only suitable for people
over 18 and I received a notice from
patreon that that was how my content was
gonna be categorized why amazingly it's
just because I the specific video of the
trigger this action there part was a
video that had the word cocaine in the
title but it's actually against cocaine
I'm not in favor of cocaine use I have
several videos on this channel harshly
condemning the use of cocaine normally
it comes up as a kind of allegory for
other things it's not really that I talk
about cocaine as an end in itself but
normally in parallel to other kind of
ethical questions and questions of self
discipline I ask well would you make the
same excuses for using cocaine that you
make for eating bacon and this kind of
thing it comes up pretty often this
channel I had a video that mentioned
cocaine it is possible they also went
through and looked at the videos that
have advice about dating relationships
and sexuality in the title but my you
know my patreon was blacklisted whatever
course say it wasn't deleted but it was
blacklisted on grounds that obviously I
could object to or be upset about but I
sympathize with the other side I
sympathize with the decision that they
are the decisions they are making and
the responsibility they are taking
precisely and kicking out people like
Sargon avicad I I mean many people
respond to my former video
so by pretending that I could not
possibly mean what I actually said and
therefore attacking me for some other
unstated thesis I meant exactly what I
said
I do support patreon I think they're
doing the best they can and I support
censorship of precisely this kind now
I'm going to quote the New York Times
article I'll give a link up below the
video
quote patreon takes a highly personal
approach to policing speech while Google
and Facebook use algorithms as a first
line of defense for questionable content
patreon has human moderators they give
warnings and reach out to talk to
offenders presenting options for quote
unquote education and quote unquote
reform not my experience nobody asked me
if I was willing to stop making such
hardcore commentary on vegan activism
and 21st century politics but hey I was
just classified as an overage
adults-only website but hey my youtube
channel is too hot for patreon what can
I tell you I continue the quotation some
activists hope this will become a model
for a better and kinder Internet again
the point being here the patron is doing
a much better job than Facebook and
YouTube growing their quote there are no
automated takedowns mr. Conte said quote
as a creator myself dealing with these
big tech platforms and getting an
automated takedown notice there's no
appeals process you can't talk to a
human and I never want to do that close
quote
so he also has this experience being
censored by YouTube I do also I could
make a video talking about that I have a
lot of really negative experiences being
censored by YouTube and it has a
chilling effect on freedom of speech as
its showing affect my book talk about
politics I've never had that problem
with patreon I'm actually really quite
you know a grateful towards patreon they
don't police me in the way that YouTube
does I don't face the constant sense of
conflict and frustration and ultimately
even humiliation of trying to talk about
politics on YouTube I don't get that
from patreon however patreon did make
this bizarre decision to classify my
content as being only suitable for
people over 18 maybe they have a maybe
they have a policy somewhere that if you
if you mention cocaine and sleeping with
prostitutes even if you mentioned them
negatively even if you're talking about
cocaine and prostitutes is something you
shouldn't do that that puts you into the
a teen category if if so probably there
other probably there are conservative
Christian preachers who have been
censored the same way I have in to the
same extent and for the same reason in
terms of their checklist of what gets
you what gets you kicked off and one
lets you stay on okay Jacqueline Hart
patreon head of trust and safety said
that her team watches for and will
investigate complaints about any Content
posted on patreon and other sites like
YouTube and Facebook that violates what
it defines as hate speech that includes
quote serious attacks or even negative
generalizations of people based on their
race and sexual orientation
close quote she has said if someone
heard me if someone has breached patrons
policy the company contacts the offender
with a specific plan which usually
involves asking for the content to be
removed and for a public apology
the conversations with creators can
quickly become complicated nuanced and
well human she said so not just an
automated message from YouTube or
Facebook which I have also had I
mentioned this on the channel before
YouTube has banned me from criticizing
neo-nazis by the claim that just by my
quoting the person I'm criticizing I'm
myself guilty of hate speech and in the
video in question which you can't see on
this channel it's banned most of them
good luck finding it it was a critique
of John Rose and when I quoted John Rose
I had a disclaimer on the screen at the
bottom
I am only quoting this in order to
criticize it you know being an auntie
Nancy should not be qualified as the
hate speech like actively attacking and
criticizing Nazis shouldn't get you
badass agent guess what that video was
nevertheless censored and punished by
YouTube as being hate speech so we got
problems we got issues but from my
perspective what patreon is doing is
part of the solution it's a it's a
better approach it's a significant
positive contrast to what YouTube does I
have lost experience with Facebook I
don't really care about Facebook its
platform that way but hey patreon has
decided to support me quote patreon has
to decide what qualifies as a sincere
and thorough apology still having human
moderators has changed its users
behavior more than simply deleting
accounts
mrs. Hart said quote we handhold
creators and we work with them
one-on-one and nearly every creator
reforms so it's quite a successful
process close quote she said the work
takes up a large amount of resources
around 10% of patreon employees are
dedicated to our team 10% of their
employees are just engaging in
censorship over creators interesting I'm
absolutely certain that it's not what
YouTube does YouTube does not want 10%
of their budget going into censoring
content created this month continue
reading the article the site's
moderators received a complaint about
mr. Benjamin so mr. Benjamin is Sargon
of Akkad who had risen to fame railing
against diversity and feminism during
the gamergate movement in 2014 mr.
Benjamin used the n-word and anti-gay
language during an interview posted to
YouTube on February 7th patreon found I
remember that quotation it has burned
into the minds and memories of memory of
many of us it showed that sargon of
akkad is in no way qualified to be a
political commentator journalists let
alone a political leader and he
currently pretends to do all three on
the basis of his background as a video
game programmer he may have been quite
good at programming video games I
remember years ago when he posted a
video showing the video games he was
working on long ago he stopped creating
his own video games and became a
full-time no nothing political
commentator but she is very bad at it
doesn't mean every single video he's
done his poor I can remember seeing
maybe two videos on his channel that I
really respected I think he had just a
good job of thoroughly reading Wikipedia
articles before making those videos
doesn't take a whole lot of research to
make a decent video on current events
and politics but the vast majority of
his content I utterly despise and if I
were the CEO or had executive at patreon
I would also be looking for any excuse
to kick Sargon off the platform they
found an excuse in that racist comment
in which he used the n-word and it was
an angry vitriolic racist comment at
length in which he repeated himself and
dug himself in it wasn't some quick in
passing error it revealed deep-seated
negative attitudes on his part and
whether or not there's any coming back
from that he never made an effort to
come back from that he could have make a
separate video talking about that I
think
interesting question if your problem is
in terms of public perception that
you're perceived as a racist and you
feel you're not a racist why don't you
come out and positively state what your
view of the future society is if you
actually positively like black people
and want black people to be an important
part of the society you live in come out
and say that come out and rep your set
don't make racist statements and then
hide in the shadows saying oh well you
just ever so slightly Mis courted me and
how technically do you find racism and
so on the kind of evasive and dishonest
agassiz engaged in and that other
softcore racist engage in here on
YouTube all the time he is not merely
being judged in terms of guilt by
association sargon of akkad has been
judged guilty but the content of his
character and the quality of his content
which has been garbage all right I
totally believe that he has only been
racist and offensive due to a lack of
other quality content to offer his
audience I totally believe he has been
provocative merely for the sake of being
provocative having no other grand design
or political goal rather than to get
attention and be a Fame guess what
bottom line is he was put in the same
category as Milo E innopolis a category
he completely deserves to be in and both
Sargon and Milo gianopolous were kicked
off a patreon I would make the same
decision myself if I were the head of
patreon I would not make the decision to
classify this YouTube channel you're
watching right now as pornography
somewhat surreal but that's how they
wrote the rules and that's how all of us
played on them if you want to have the
benefits of doing fundraising on patreon
as a website on December 6 the company
cult told mr. Benjamin mr. Benjamin is
sargon of akkad the company told mr.
Benjamin that it would freeze his
account and that he could appeal mr.
Benjamin objected because he said the
video in question should not fall under
patrons rules because it was on YouTube
close quote complete nonsense
most of the defenders seem to think that
patreon has no right to judge who you
are politically and what you're doing
that they have no right to judge whether
or not you're entitled to use patron as
a website on the basis of statements you
make outside of pager on those are not
the rules of the game we play there not
if you are running for mayor if you are
a politician in a small
running for mayor it doesn't matter if
you made a racist statement in a
restaurant or if you made a racist
statement on local community radio or if
you made it an interview to the
newspaper doesn't matter if you made a
racist statement to the security guard
at the front gate of your house if you
are making intentional public statements
in this case it wasn't even so you said
privately he didn't get into a fight
with his ex-girlfriend and yell racist
statements at her something that happens
there have been people on YouTube who
had this problem they made racist
statements in a totally personal
non-public non political context that
they're just mad at their ex-girlfriend
not the situation here he was making
contrived normally scripted political
statements on YouTube he is being judged
for that he is speaking very much in the
same sense that on politics the same
sense that someone running for mayor is
making scripted and a semi scripted
intentional political statements and he
is being judged for those statements
that's what we all gotta judge him for
and the team at patreon judged in the
same way there is absolutely no reason
why they only judge you for what you
said with in patreon if they did that
then the worst and most vile neo-nazis
of whom there are many and I've seen
many examples kicked off page one the
worst neo-nazis could simply separate
their lives and have some of their
content on one platform some of the
other and still do fundraising through
patreon that's not what they want so
they judge you by what you say publicly
whether or not it's on their website
whether or not it's on YouTube Facebook
or anywhere else okay but he did get the
right to appeal for mr. Benjamin the
timing was surprised and quote my brand
has been politically incorrect for years
close quote he said in the video which
he later posted to his YouTube channel
called the patreon witch trials mr.
Benjamin who did not respond to requests
for comment has eight hundred seventy
thousand subscribers on YouTube and more
than three thousand subscribers on
patreon from which he had been making
around twelve thousand dollars a month
Wow many of his videos to show a static
cartoon or series of images with his
voice speaking against movements for
gender equality now that is a just close
quote pause here I do think the New York
Times has been really unfair in terms of
how they characterize you know mr.
Benjamin's content sargon of akkad
speaks on all kinds of issues how many
videos has he done on brexit and EU
politics I mean he doesn't just talk
about gender equality anyway that that
is really unfair
he became a general political commentary
channel I can remember him commenting on
the politics of Cuba and Venezuela
I mean he's covered a lot of content and
he does deserve credit for that he
deserves to be described by a journalist
in the New York Times with more accuracy
objectivity and fairness than that so
I'm not I'm not a fan of this New York
Times article either but nevertheless I
continue quote more recently mr.
Benjamin has moved from the fringe
towards the heart of the new right
in October he posted an hour-long
interview with Steve Bannon president
Trump's former chief strategist mr.
Benjamin did not respond to attempts to
engage him in the reform process mrs.
Hart said so mrs. Hart is a member of
the censorship committee over at patreon
quote quote his response to us when we
told him about the reform process was to
nitpick and say quote a quote within a
quote I was being anti-nazi close quote
mrs. Hart said quote you cannot say
those words in our platform it doesn't
matter who you're to direct directing
them at his removal from patreon
immediately stirred up others on the
site so you can read the whole article
if you want to I am NOT going to go on
any further it closes with what I think
is the utterly true fair reasonable and
accurate comment that most of these
people who are reforming patreon pardon
me
most of the people who are quitting
patreon rather than reforming their
content rather than reforming their
behavior in order to get in line with
the to my mind very reasonable demands
and the patreon says to your committee
most people who are making grandiose
gestures and leaving page one are doing
so simply because they can quote drum up
support for your cause when there is
some kind of public debacle of this kind
they're making a grandiose gesture out
of what otherwise would seem like a kind
of shameful retreat I think most of
these people including Sam Harris and
including Jordan Peterson I think they
are afraid to try to live up to the
standards patreon wants you to live up
to I think they are afraid to live up to
the expectations of their audience and
to actually deliver on the promises that
committed to when they started their
patreon pages respectively including
most obviously in mr. Jordan Peterson's
case that he is terror
of actually having to live up to
starting his own University an
unbelievable promise he made and there
were much more deep there were more
details but exactly what that university
was supposed to be what kind of
credential is supposed to confer so on
and so forth I think we'll be waiting a
long time to see him deliver on those
patreon promises he is now in the same
situation of someone on Kickstarter
whose letdown his source of public
support and this is an occasion for him
to slink into the shadows for involved
not just something that just seemed as
if he's making his tip to seem as if
he's taken the high moral ground in
rejecting patreon when he's neither
living up the expectations that the
website imposed on crater nor living up
the expectations of his audience that is
that